When I was younger I wanted to design and build stuff, having an interest in the built environment, I naturally gravitated towards wanting to become an architect. Unfortunately, during the varsity interviews at the School of Architecture, my interviewer said that I would be a better engineer than an architect, so I did not get into my prefered school and instead enrolled in the Construction Studies course which enabled me to specialize in either mangement or quantity surveying by the end of the course. I always thought I could transfer over if I didnt enjoy the course...I ended up enjoying and stayed, got my degree, and even my honors degree in construction managment. After that I was lucky to land a Junior Site Engineer positon at one of South Africas biggest contracting firms. Over the next 8 years of working for this company, I would work on sites in Midrand, Rosebank, Sandton, Cape Town, and even a stint in Lesotho. However, I came to realise that I wanted something else, but I didnt really know what that was. I ended up resigning to take a sabbatical to figure stuff out.
During my sabbatical I thought, and questioned, and tried a few things, eventually try out Python to build some app ideas that has been rattling around my head for a few years. Gettin halfway through my python course, I had 'the itch', I was watching programming related content on youtube, reading UX/UI articles on medium.com, I even hopped onto various programming and web dev sub-reddits. I was fully engrossed in the world of programming and design.  So like any magpie noob I wanted to learn a whole suite of tech (still do), but I managed to set my sites on the path of Web design and development and stick it through before becoming a 'jack of all trades, master of none'. 
7 months later and I have learnt HTML and CSS to a point where I feel confident in what I can do - I even dipped my hands into bootsrap and all I'm going to say is that I have some strong opionions on its pros and cons. I have learnt python to a point where I can understand whats going on but there is still struggle. I am currently learning Javascript and related Frameworks - I have already explored JQuery, node.js, Express, and EJS, with more on the way. I feel more confident with JS than Python, but its most likely due to the difference in exprience when started the two languages (Yes I know I' still crawling, but its a valid statement). 
What a rollercoaster ride, some lows, some highs, I stand here now 7 months later having only seen the tip of the iceberg, but I know I want to dive into these waters and see below the surface. I have plans, you see, these ideas in my mind needs to be put in code, even if its just for myself, to make my own life easier. But I lack knowledge, experience, technical abilities. Theres still stuff I want to learn and implement. But that can come with time. Ive already taken the first few steps into web design and development, but I need to start running towards my goals!